{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul \ulc0 **Automated MR Image Prescription of the Liver Using Deep Learning: Development, Evaluation, and Prospective Implementation**
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ruiqi Geng[1,2], MSc, Collin J. Buelo[1,2], MSc, Mahalakshmi Sundaresan[3], MSc, Jitka Starekova[1], MD, Nikolaos Panagiotopoulos[1,4], MD, Thekla H. Oechtering[1,4], MD, Edward M. Lawrence[1], MD, PhD, Marcin Ignaciuk[1], MD, Scott B. Reeder[1,2,5,6,7], MD, PhD, Diego Hernando[1,2,3,7], PhD
\f2 									
\fs22 Departments of Radiology[1], Medical Physics[2], Electrical and Computer Engineering[3], Medicine[5], Emergency Medicine[6], Biomedical Engineering[7], University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, USA (1111 Highland Ave, Madison, WI 53705) [4]Department of Radiology and Nuclear Medicine, Universit\'e4t zu L\'fcbeck, L\'fcbeck, Germany (Haus A, Ratzeburger Allee 160, 23562 L\'fcbeck, Germany)
\fs24 \
In this paper, we developed, implemented, and evaluated\'a0an AI-based (YOLOv3) fully automated prescription method for liver MRI. The AI-based automated liver image prescription demonstrated promising performance across the patients, pathologies, and field strengths studied. \
The demo scripts and the YOLOv3 weights obtained after training for this work are shared here.
\f3\b \
Scripts
\f2\b0 \
Pre-processing script to increase contrast around the liver and convert DICOMs to PNGs, slice by slice: PreparePNG.m\
Two data augmentation schemes were used to enlarge the image dataset for training: reflections and\'a0full (reflections + translation + scaling + contrast). DataAug_refection.py performs reflections only; it\'a0can be run before\'a0DataAug_translate_scale_contrast.py\'a0to perform all 4 types of data augmentation\
Data extraction script to obtain meta data from DICOM headers: GrabInfo.m\
Post-processing script to obtain 3D bounding boxes from 2D bounding boxes by manual labeling and YOLO predictions: TestEval.m\
Data visualization script to display results and analyze AI performance across subpopulations: figures.m\
To set up Docker images for darknet Yolo v4, v3 and v2: https://github.com/cjbueloMP/darknet-docker, forked from https://github.com/daisukekobayashi/darknet-docker\

\f3\b Pretrained weights and configuration files
\f2\b0 								Full network without data augmentation:\'a0yolov3.cfg,\'a0yolov3_full_no_aug.weights			Tiny network without data augmentation:\'a0yolov3-tiny.cfg,\'a0yolov3-tiny_no_aug.weights\

\f3\b Please cite the following paper
\f2\b0 : 									Geng, R., Buelo, C. J., Sundaresan, M., Starekova, J., Panagiotopoulos, N., Oechtering, T. H., ... & Hernando, D. (2022). Automated MR image prescription of the liver using deep learning: Development, evaluation, and prospective implementation.\'a0
\f4\i Journal of Magnetic Resonance Imaging
\f2\i0 . doi: 10.1002/jmri.28564. Epub 2022 Dec 30. PMID:\'a036583550.}